ok here we are winter trip 2010 it's me
it's the big guy and we are on our way
to chest that mountain ski resort and we
will just be spending the weekend there
but as you can see it
snowing sleeting all of the above and we
have another five and a half hours to go
so dodgy ladder all right we're here we
had a gun in late last night slept and
out like it's a hotel room but now
Logan's getting out of gear ready here's
our view it's not too bad that right
there is actually the top of the pool
area that is the slopes it opens up in
about 30 minutes there's the ski lift
the terrain park is far over there it's
right there there's a snow so it's gonna
go grab some food and hit the slopes yes
just did our first run but what's your
verdict it's pretty awesome here's a
incredible steep section I mean it's
just insanely to drop you got something
people comment
well mogul action coming up here there's
some look at that steep oh my so you
have over there Harry
here we go dad is skin I'm so forth a
snowboard
this is going to be awesome yep this is
logan good and I am escape hold on and
thank you oh yeah here we go don't hit
the red button
get your luck
I hear you stop it here we go
you
we're done skiing and snowboarding today
now for the trip and what would you say
was pretty good pretty good and Logan
was jumping a lot today I attempted some
stuff didn't quite pull it off but it
was fun nonetheless and and now we've
got a long drive home so
it's fine it's fine very tired don't
want to go to work tomorrow but oh well
so see ya